Update deploy-helm-charts.md (#5783)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/helm/deploy-helm-charts.md

  - [Install a delegate with third-party tool custom binaries](/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/install-a-delegate-with-3-rd-party-tool-custom-binaries/)

  Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) if you have any questions.

> - The `name:` field is now `{{ .Release.Name }}-configmap`. The release name for the Helm deployment shoudn't exceed length 53. For more information, go to [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/getting_started/#adding-a-simple-template-call).

Reviewer: The `name:` field is now `{{ .Release.Name }}-configmap`.
This is not correct. We don't need to add it

> - The `name:` field is now `{{ .Release.Name }}-configmap`. The release name for the Helm deployment shoudn't exceed length 53. For more information, go to [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/getting_started/#adding-a-simple-template-call).

Author: ```suggestion
- The release name for the Helm deployment shouldn't exceed length 53. For more information, go to [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/getting_started/#adding-a-simple-template-call).
```
